Notes on Nicole's course stuff

# "Courses and Scope"

## Thoughts while reading

  - Title "Bachelor of Applied Science Degree in Information Technology Networking (BAS-ITN)"
    - Use of "networking" may be confusing.
  - Introduction
    - PERL
      - If this is referring to Perl, it should not be all-caps.
      - See perlfaq1(1), under "What's the difference between "perl" and "Perl"?"
    - Certifications
      - Setting aside the choices of cert, why include any in the course?
        Surely the degree itself will supersede any other certs?
      - If there must be certs, they should not be vendor-specific. 
        - On the one hand, when institutions of learning legitimize "industry
          trends" by including the vendors' certifications in their degree it
          makes the markets for technology and labor that much less free.
        - On the other hand, my idealism may not be serving customers. A
          careful UNBIASED analysis of the job market should be made to
          determine what's best for students and employers.
    - Programming languages
      - ...
    - Overall
      - If it fits the requirements of the document, the opening paragraph
        should be written to more closely match the styles of tech.
        - It should be modular/parameterized/nested
        - It should use markup to enhance readability
        - It needs to be scrubbed of bullshit
  - Second page
    - "A strong emphasis on industry-based projects throughout the program
      will prepare graduates to meet current and future industry."
      - Meet current and future industry what?
    - Ability list seems a little small-time (desktop support)
    - "Apply industry standard techniques for collecting, analyzing and
      optimizing data within an enterprise network infrastructure."
      - We call those "metrics"
    - "hybrid-distributed" environments? In-house + cloud? Or just WAN?

## Thoughts after reading

  - Emphasis should be placed on being able to use ANY tool to solve ANY
    problem. Course as described sounds like it might be obsolete in five
    years. Students should graduate with the skills to pick up languages and
    tools quickly rather than focusing on those which are currently most
    popular.
  - First doc reads like it was written by a frustrated recruiter.
  - Course description is not clear about 

# What a Site Reliability Engineer does

## Service life cycle

  - build
  - maintain
    - respond to alerts
    - prepare for scale-driven architecture changes
  - retire

## Solve business problems

  - Understand the objective/opportunity
  - Find as many realistic solutions as possible
  - If there is no clearly superior solution
    - Identify and describe unknowns which confound ranking

## Solve developer problems

## Meta: research, tools and training

