Nine days since my first and only other journal entry. Still feeling crappy.
Not sure if I feel worse. Got the motorcycle back yesterday but haven't ridden
again yet. It's still awful wet out. Today was my first day on the 30mg dose
of Fluoxetine. I've been playing a LOT of Fallout 4, and I'm pretty sure
that's not helping.

# Stuff on my mind

## Raine

- She's miserable due to pressure changes.
- I'm realizing her new steroid-induced form is indeed repulsive to me.
  - I feel guilty for being repulsed and for trying to hide it
  - I want someone new but don't want to hurt Raine
- Don't know what else to get her for xmas besides the dice and stationary
  - Need to shop for a computer case for us

## Work

- I think I've got the Jeff situation in hand, but it's still incredibly
  stressful
- I need to start looking for my next team in ernest

## CORVID

- Haven't done anything with it in weeks

## Music

- Not doing any

## Health

- I'm almost 42. I need to get a check-up.
- Tooth brushing improved since changing pill taking habit slightly but still
  poor.

## Friends

- I still see them Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays but...
- It doesn't feel like I see them.

## Booze

- Having no trouble not drinking but I think about it more than I used to
  - I don't feel like I'm getting anything out not drinking
    - I haven't had any more arguments with Raine but the issue are just
      re-burried
    - I'm no closer to Al
    - Work isn't really any better
    - Health may have improved slightly but I can't tell
    - Feelings have not improved
    - Thinking may have improved slightly but also may not have

# Stress

Based on my mood tracker thing, it looks like 'stress' is my main problem
right now. Presumably this means passive stress. There are a couple of major
things which qualify: Raine's health and some of my job issues, 

There really is nothing I can do for Raine, and I'm doing exactly what I can
for work. I will take time off next year which might help with both.

# Vacation plans

A ride to San Diego:

- two weeks off
- Travel time
  - Google says it's 18 hours "without traffic"
    - 1256 miles, or 69 mph average
    - Seems a bit fast to me.
    - At 50mph it'd be 25 hours
    - Still comes to about 3 days at most
  - A more liesurely pace would be four days
    - Head South Saturday arrive Tuesday?
    - Head North Monday arrive Thursday?
- Should I stop anywhere on the way?
  - Visit Barb in San Fran?
  - Santa Cruz?

