In the middle of May 2017, a friend of mine was in Seattle and stayed with me
while I was condo/dog-sitting for another friend. On Saturday night she was
having a hard time finding parking so I offered to park her rental for her
since I know the area better. I found a spot a block from my new apartment,
but I couldn't tell in the dark if it was legitimate parking. I approached the
porch of a house across the street which was the center of a block party which
was winding down.

When I got to the porch there were 3-4 people talking so I waited for them to
finish their conversations and/or notice me, then I asked if the spot I had
parked in was legit and gestured towards the spot with my arm, just as a
beautiful woman was coming around behind me. I nearly bonked her in the face
but reacted quickly enough not to. I filled her in on what I was asking and
she said it was fine as long as I pulled forward or back to make room for
another car, so I headed back to the car to do so, and she followed and
watched me.

After I pulled forward I got back out and since she was still watching me I
went back to thank her. While we were talking her house's cat came to check on
us. I greeted him as I have learned to greet cats respectfully over the years,
and he twined through my legs and made generally approving faces and motions
(I feel pretty confident about my cat body language reading) while she and I
continued our conversation. She invited me to join the party but I had to tell
her I couldn't because my friend from California was waiting for me. She told
me they have these block parties a few times a year and I'm always welcome to
join them, and I said I would look forward to it, thanked her again and went
back to my friend's place.

A couple Saturdays later I met up with my condo-owning friend and my
soon-to-be-ex-wife for dinner. The conversation got political and I tried to
participate constructively, but something about what I said led my wife to
respond to me in a way which I took as a sign that I should leave to preserve
the remaining trust in our relationship. There was an awkward exchange of "no,
stay" and "I really think it's best", and eventually I extricated myself and
walked home.

The block party house is between the restaurant I left and my apartment, and
as I was nearing it I saw that there was somebody on the porch. I crossed the
street to see them better and recognized the beautful woman from two weeks
before. I greeted her from the sidewalk with a smile and she invited me onto
the porch. I thanked her again for her guidance with the parking and for
inviting me to their events, and while we were talking a housemate of hers
arrived with a case of beer. He opened and handed one to the woman and then
opened and offered me one which I gladly took. The Margarita I had had at the
restaurant, the beer and the strong feels wore me down and I ended up telling
the two of them all about my divorce. They were very supportive and I felt
like talking about it helped me keep things in perspective.

After a bit more conversation NOT just about me I realized I needed to use the
restroom and asked to use theirs. The beautiful woman responded right away and
led me inside, up some stairs and into a large-ish but narrow bathroom, then
left me to it. I felt creepy enough already so I didn't make any effort to
absorb any of the details of my surroundings, but I got the impression of a
somewhat old-fashioned and decidedly girly decor which pleased me. I finished
up quickly, washed my hands and headed back downstairs to continue our
conversations.

A little while after that I felt awkward and a little tired, so I thanked them
again, excused myself and headed home, belatedly realizing I hadn't gotten a
phone number or email address or anything.

For the next six weeks I made a point of walking or riding my motorcycle past
her house on my way to or from anywhere, but I never saw a sign of her. Then
yesterday, July 8th, I was walking home from hanging out with the condo-owning
friend and as usual I went a block out of my way to pass her house. As I was
walking in front of her house but on the other side of the street I saw a
woman walking towards me. As she passed I whirled around and said, "Sarah?"
And it was her! She was carrying some lettuce was brining to another neighbor.
I asked her if she wanted to hang out some time and she said she did. We
awkwardly stumbled around how to make that happen until she volunteered her
phone number. I senter her a text message so she would have the association of
my name with my number and could text me later when she thought would be a
good time to meet up. A minute later the neighbor she was meeting showed up.
I waited for them to finish their exchange about lettuce and basil (which
smelled delicious), but I started to realize they were going to be talking for
a while. At the next break in their discussion I said my goodbys and headed
back home.

I had the strangest combination of emotions. On the one hand I was still
depressed about my favorite cat being ill and possibly terminally so. On the
other hand I was (and continue to be) completely twitterpated.

This is my life.
