# Thoughts on work

Yesterday (2016-08-03) when Rich showed me I'm completely out of PIP-land, I
joked "it's smooth sailing from here" and he quickly reacted in what I would
describe as a negative way. This concerns me.

In addition to my specific ambitious, my goal for my career is for it to be
_easy_. I like challenges to be buffet style rather than a 7-course-meal
chosen by the chef.

The hard parts of work should be the work itself, not expectations from me, my
friends, my family, my co-workers or the world at large. I don't respond well
to traditionally masculine motivators such as those so often linked to sports.

Another example of something Rich has said which has had mixed impact on me.
He described me as one of his potential start players in a way which feels
like a kind of pressure and expectation which I do not welcome. Great works
should be a natural outcome of doing what you love. The doing what you love
should be the focus, not the great works.

Obviously I work within a context which imposes hard requirements I do not
presume to escape. The entire management hierarchy is beholden to customers
of all kinds and if leadership can find someone who can out perform me at the
same cost they should certainly give that person my job. That means I have to
have some display of performance which they can estimate confidently. To that
end Rich and I need to define and document concrete goals and performance
metrics to serve that estimation.

I believe I actually work better within a framework which supports that
objective. Rich may not like the degree to which it does not accurately
reflect reality, and in a sense I agree with him, but I like to feel safe and
knowing that "as long as I do X I'm safe" is a great comfort to me.

# In summary / what I want

I want three things:

1) A well specified and frequently tracked minimum bar I must meet to remain
in good standing with Amazon.

2) A low-friction process for negotiating the life-cycle of components of that
minimum bar.

3) The freedom to perform at any level above that bar I choose, even if that
level is indistinguishable from "barely passing."

This is not lack of ambition, it is how I manage my anxieties.
