# Problems to be solved

## Both points of view

- Clarifying the (perceived) performance gap
  - Is my performance unknown?
    - SIM and Remedy tickets, wiki history, emails and peer feedback?
  - Is my performance known but unsatisfactory?
    - What were expectations expressed and how did I acknowledge them?
  - Is my performance satisfactory but not for my position?
    - If so, isn't transitioning a no-brainer?

## Amazon's point of view

- Ways to demonstrate delivery
  - Identify pending work which might be suitable to a demonstration
    - Arbor upgrade research 
      - How would we do it
      - Cost/risks
      - What would justify it
    - Arbor mitigation cleanup management tool
      - Understand, document and validate config backup and restore
      - Inventory existing mitigations
        - Audit for "important" (non-standard) mitigations
        - Monitor for changes to important rules
      - Create test instance of Arbor
      - Acquire and/or develop, then test library for removing mitigations
      - Validate or create Arbor portal and back-end health monitoring
        - i.e. detect/control impact from automation
      - Start auto clean-up
      - Wrap-up
  - Agree on success criteria
  - Execute

## My point of view

- I wish to be heard, acknowledged and exonerated
  - My work is important to me

- What is Jeff _actually_ saying?

- To what degree does Amazon support Jeff?
  - If 100% and what he's actually saying is what I think
    - I will be a bit shocked
    - I will give notice
  - If 0%
    - negotiating a path forward should be trivial
  - Anything inbetween will depend on specifics

# The 'threats' I don't want to voice

- If my work is not recognized and wanted I will take it to an organization which will appreciate it

# The "Long and Short" of it

- Amazon 'pace'
  - I performed in the face ambiguity, sudden change, other realities of working at a market leading company
  - I could handle, but will not tolerate 
    - Unclear communication and unwillingness to pursue clarity
    - One-way communication
    - Baseless, unexplained accusations, either overt or implied (Atulya,
      "ownership", "do you even want to be on this team")
  - I am highly concerned about stack ranking and how it may have directly or
    indirectly impacted my relationship with my leadership. Naturally I can
    never know the answer, so I'm left to speculate as long as the practice
    continues.

- My operating parameters ("requirements" sounds too hostile), higher priority first
  - I will not agree to anything which could be interpreted by a neutral third
    party as in some way accepting the assertion that my performance was
    unacceptable in the context I was operting in.
    - "Disappointing" is fine so long as the taking the circumstances into
      account elevates it to "Meets" 
  - I will not cooperate with Jeff without first resolving our differences via
    third-party mediation.
  - I am eager to move on


