Trying not to think about work, so logging things in hopes of getting them out
of my head.

# Progress in avoiding panic-inducing thoughts and thought cycles

## 2016-01-23

- OK through most of the day, started having trouble around 18:30
  - "Author of PIP is irrelevant if its development and contents lack
    structure and objectivity"
  - then drifting into hypothetical conversations in which I'm defending
    myself
- Craving alcohol as much as I did spending a weekend with Ben and Amie

## 2016-01-24

- Woke up thinking about work: Tier-0 vs Tier-N work
  - Definitions
    - Tier 0 is the 'last mile' of productivity
      - Personal maintenance (hygene, eating, etc)
      - Commuting
      - Tier 0 work will always exist
      - Everyone has to do at least a little Tier 0 work
    - Improving Tier N is Tier N+1 work
      - decides the metrics
      - sets up measurements
      - optimizes for them by imposing changes to
        - Processes (workflows)
        - Resource allocation
        - Tools
        - Techniques
        - Process Parameters (distances, shapes, durations, times of day, ...)
  - Assertions/Observations
    - To maximize Tier 0 work we need Tier 1 work, and so on to infinity
      - Without Tier 1 we'd be hunter-gathers AND we'd be bad at it
    - Tier N + 1 cannot eliminate Tier N
      - In doint so its number and the tiers above it would decrement by 1
    - Each higher level of work is harder and more expensive to measure than
      the last
    - There is an optimum amount of Tier N+1 work, but finding that optimum is
      Tier N+2 work
      - The optima change over time with changes in context
  - Example: Payments and the Project Rubric
    - The work
      - Tier 0
        - Operations, Daily (KTLO, KTLF, KTL)
          - Troubleshooting measured threshold breeches
          - Replacing broken equipment
          - Troubleshooting stuck batches
          - Hassling payment processors to unstick batches
          - Hassling Seals, Beach, or whomever to unstick batches
        - Operations, Long-ish term, still tier 0
          - Scaling to demand (defined by Beach and Pint)
          - Patching and upgrades
          - Building in new regions (PEK - where I had a notable miss)
      - Tier 1
        - Operations
          - Correcting monitoring for accuracy and consistancy
          - Ticket queue hygiene
        - Project work
          - Patching tool
          - Fixing build automation
          - Re-implementing access controls
          - Apollo integration (thanks tristanc@!)
      - Tier 2
        - Hiring and training
        - Daily stand-up meetings
        - Weekly planning meetings
    - The Rubric 
      - History: a fateful trip to Dublin
    - The results:
      - Ticket Evaluation process
        - Process for Challenging Evaluations
        - Rubric modification process
      - Processing backlog (~90 sec / ticket)

Stuff from Raine:

> "It's what you value, so de-valuing it is like a personal attack" - Raine

She also points out that there may be a way to have this love without being vulnerable to it.
Or maybe there's a way someone can not value it as I do and for me to not be as upset by this as I am.
  "Decoupling" my relationship with Tier N work from my ... feelings?

To address my hand-waving, ask the other party to describe back to me what I have said.

## 2016-01-25

- meeting with Erin Page
  - Disconnect/decouple
    - Separate ME from WORK
    - Especially between ME and JEFF
    - I will come back and focus on my job
    - Email from guitar.robot@gmail.com to avoid triggering by seeing work
      subjects

## 2016-01-27

### Update I _didn't_ send

I'm following up again today because an article on Ars Technica about Disney
led me to refine my model of Jeff. My hope in relating this to you is that it
will aid you in facilitating the most amicable resolution to the conflict.
Regardless it will at least be a load off my mind to know I expressed myself
this way.

In my current list of models of events, there is only one stands up to Occam's
Razor. In it I no longer ascribe any of Jeff's words or actions to any kind of
malice nor do I rely on him being motivated by retaliation. I now ascribe his
deeds to some combination of a need for high-energy stimulation,
overconfidence, inexperience, extreme focus on short-term benefits and either
lack of familiarity with alternate personality types such as mine or
difficulties identifying and adapting to such personality types. 

In order to remind myself that the person I am talking about is a model I
constructed in my head which necessarily differs from the original person, I'm
going to use the moniker HJeff, for "Hypothetical Jeff", to refer to the
version of him I have no direct experience of..

Here's what I think:
  - HJeff doesn't want me to leave DRT or Amazon at all.
    - He doesn't particularly wants me to feel bad.
    - My feelings are his lowest high priority, but all other things being
      equal he'd prefer me be happy if possible.
    - He doesn't actually think my performance had been poor enough to justify
      termination.
  - He does not see the System Engineer job description as relevant to the
    situation.
    - I interviewed for and voluntarily took a position and I have to perform
      its duties whether it's a good fit or not.
    - When I misunderstood what my responsibilities would be, it was incumbent
      on me to disagree and commit, and HJeff says we're at the commit phase
      now.
    - My recurring objections every month since I started, even before I'd
      heard of him, also has no bearing on the situation at hand.
  - He knows best hard it is to staff up the team and how our current staffing
    level hurts us and customers
    - I've heard Jeff's side of phone screens in the team room. I know how
      hard he's trying and how difficult it has been.
    - If anybody besides me, Sujal and Michael wants to do this job at these
      wages, they aren't qualified or can find something better elsewhere.
  - HJeff genuinely believes my performance last year was insufficient for the
    role. Specifically, HJeff would say:
    - That in those cases where I made mistakes or delayed resolution, I had all
    necessary tools, information and support to avoid such mistakes
    - That those mistakes and delays do not qualify as "reasonable human
    variation".
  - HJeff thinks he can wring better performance out of me
    - HJeff has been (perhaps not consciously) stretching the limits of the
    performance evaluation system as a necessary and tiny evil to do what's
    best for everyone, including me.
    - He thinks that I'm holding out on him and not "giving my all"
    - He wants me to "be all I can be."
    - He thinks if he keeps applying as much drill-instructor pressure as he can
    get away with, I'll eventually 'break' and overcome whatever holds me
    back.
    - I think he sees his words and actions as the best way to lead me to my
    full potential
    - Whatever bad feelings I have about are necessary pain that accompanies
    that kind of growth and not relevant to him anyway as I am responsible for
    my own feelings.

I hope my previously described objections make more sense in light of this,
but to continue this catharsis and provide as much clarity as possible, here
are my responses:

  - My feelings do matter. Yes, I am the person with final say on how I feel
    about a thing, but there are certain culturally accepted ways to feel
    about certain things and within the bounds of those norms my feelings are
    not unusual and are not something I should be forced to manage.
  - I respond best to genuine recognition and lightweight but rigorous
    structure. Dean (deantabo@) was fantastic in this regard. It was very
    difficult for me to decide to leave his team. Thankfully he's staying with
    Amazon. I imagine he'd be happy to talk with anyone who wants another
    perspective on my peculiarities.
    - The reasons I left Payments
      - Did not see opportunity for personal growth
      - Frustration with adamo@ not actually leading
  - HJeff's overall approach is bad for customers.
    - A critical feature of the Virtuous Cycle is constant improvement of both the products and how we deliver them.
    - HJeff is trying to improve the product by focusing on the people and is neglecting the systems. It is indeed impossible to get around the need for humans to handle exceptions. However, HJeff's approach to improving the product is to improve exception handling rather than reducing exceptions and providing the humans with better tools. I don't just mean in the short term here. HJeff pays lip service to adapting the team for scale but he doesn't seem to take it seriously. HJeff's vision for the team supporting 10,000 enterprise customers is to have something like 100 DRT engineers supporting 1000-5000 TAMs. This just isn't the Amazon way. If we handled regular Customer Service that way our CS costs would be unsustainable. Certainly customers love a delightful customer service experience, but they would rather not have to interact with CS at all. I see HJeff's ideals as violating that customer need to not have to interact with CS. I'm almost certain Dennis and Cheryl would back me up on both my assessment of his approach and its impact.
  - HJeff's leadership techniques are counter-productive. 
    - I'm sure as a Senior HR Specialist you are better equipped than I to
      talk about when military-style management tactics are appropriate and/or
      effective.
    - I am certain initial consent to the tactics by volunteering to serve is
      a requirement. I did not volunteer to serve. I signed up for a normal
      job, and it was normal for nearly three years.
    - Obviously I claim they are neither appropriate nor effective in this
      case, but if you know better I would be genuinely curious to learn more
      on the subject. Assuming my model is correct in this case, then the harm
      to the various scopes of groups shouldn't need explanation or defense,
      and it should be of great concern.
    - His techniques are even worse for me because, as a friend of mine
      pointed out, if one accepts gender role stereotypes, my behaviors are
      more in line with the classic female gender role.
      - I tend to favor a quiet, passive, conflict-minimized approach to
        problems. I am also a care-taker.
      - When someone imposes male gender role expectations on me I react
        poorly and eventually refuse to participate in the exchange.  My
        conflict with Annie Wyn last year is another example of this, as well
        as a handful of isolated incidents I could think of in my 26 years of
        working for non-family members, including my paper route when I was a
        teenager.
      - I have been giving my all and HJeff's style is insulting to me and
        has eroded what little trust I initially granted him. I perceive it as
        macho nonsense which I have no patience for. This applies to Atulya as
        well.
    - HJeff's vision for the team is akin to Emergency Response.
      - HJeff expects the job to be exciting ("Conflict! Emergencies!
        Everything is always automatically overdue and critical to respond to
        perfectly!"). He sees this as an unavoidable (but not unplesant for
        him) side-effect of our goals and proximity to the customers.
      - I expect it to be and strive to make it 'boring' ("The system's many
        fail-safes will handle 99.99% of incidents. Inaction is almost always
        preferable to action because we engineer the system for
        self-sufficiency and humans are bad at making snap judgements and
        acting on them.").
      - I maintain that HJeff's vision is counter-productive.

My theory about his drill-instructor pressure may be supported by his
the military anecdotes he relates in the team room. I'm certain Michael and
Sujal would back me up on at least the assertion that he keeps telling stories
about people who went into the military thinking they could "win" in some
sense and then eventually caved in to the benefit of all concerned. I always
expressed disgust and said things like "they can only get away with that in a
context where the participants have signed their lives away", but if he was
trying to tell me something by telling the story, I don't think my response
was heard, understood and accepted. It certainly wasn't acknowledged.

Obviously I still can't prove anything and it wouldn't change anything if he
denied my accusations, but at least this model matches available verifiable
data much more closely than any of my others.

General ranting

Relationship functionality is proportional to trust. It is impossible and
unhealthy to cooperate with an agent known to be operating against you. Trust
is (among other things) the degree of certainty one has that the other agent
is generally disposed to cooperate with you. With zero trust (other agent is
unpredictable), the relationship can only produce a very small amount and
usually the primary focus is 

## 2015-01-29

My appointment with my psychiatrist was encouraging. I'm confident I'm pointed
in the right direction. We did not discuss how much time I need to achieve
appropriate detachment, but I think I can and should make that assessment
myself as we work through this together. 

She did help me identify that my use of the term 'resigned' in describing my
attitude and feelings could be misleading. I talked about that with my wife (I
may already have mentioned one of her three undergrad degrees is in
neurolinguistics) and concluded that I was using the word correctly but that I
could have been misunderstood because of the complexities involved.

Here is my current view:

  - Facts
    - All other things being equal I prefer to throw out the last year and
      start fresh.
    - Everything from the meeting with the Payments VP about moving the secure
      zone into AWS is a poorly documented blur.
    - Further attempts to determine who said and did what are not likely to be
      productive.
  - People
    - Me
      - In the sense that cooperation is a gradient rather than a binary,
        there is a degree to which I am "being difficult".
        - My default mode is passivity, and I am diverting from that in favor
          of defending myself against perceived injustice
        - I am as calm as I can be under the circumstances
        - I am still 'on edge' 
      - I continue to maintain that the totality of my performance last year
        was more than adequate for the benefit of Amazon and customers
        - My frustration in this regard is best demonstrated by my December
          email asking "almost leveling or barely getting by"
        - I acknowledge that that performance may or may not have matched what
          my various leadership wanted or now want from me.
        - I object to and contest the claim that I was given clear actionable
          direction which I did not follow
      - Likewise regarding any implicit expectations: I met those implicit
        expectations which I do accept and make no claim about any others
      - While I agree with the characterization that my relationship with the
        team as "fish out of water", I still contest the details
    - Jeff 
      - I no longer concern myself with his motives
        - I understand how energy spent considering them is unlikely to pay
          dividends
        - Still, my model of him has changed somewhat and my fear of him is
          minimal
      - I deem him incompetent for his current role
        - I expect his speach and actions going forward to be to the detriment
          of me, DRT, Edge, AWS, Amazon, Amazon customers, humanity
        - I recognize his strengths but, like mine, they are not what is
          needed
        - At present he is ill-suited to his current role. He, too, is a fish
          out of water.
        - I can conceive of roles to which he would be well suited if he had
          the right leadership
    - Andy
      - He's still getting up to speed
      - He has only expressed generic support of Jeff as befits Andy's
        position
      - Outside of the context of this situation I am highly optimistic about
        Andy as a leader and a potential friend
    - Erin
      - I have high confidence that she is competent and operating in good
        faith.
      - I trust her to be fair to all involved.
      - I consider you well qualified to adjudicate in this matter.
  - My goals, objectives, preferences (not requirements) and how I intend to
    drive their realization
    - Mental and emotional state
      - At this time I do not know how to describe my ideal state
      - These are nearly where they were in September
      - I would like to get back to where I was in April or better
      - I will accomplish this by honoring my values and treating myself like
        any other customer.
    - Career
      - My primary objective remains unchanged: to create tools which increase
        the power and control of those who use them.
      - Those tools may include abstract forms such as improved processes and
        wisdom or concrete forms such as workflow improvement tools 
      - I want the impact of the tools I create to extend beyond the bounds of
        whatever companies compensate me for my work
      - While time-boxing is a powerful means of driving effort, I have no
        explicit requirements or expectations for how quickly I will realize
        these goals
      - To realize my goals I have and will
      - continue to seek frequent constructive feedback and guidance
      - identify and observe those who demonstrate 
    - Work environment, style, etc
      - Career development
        - I understand Amazon leadership requires high "velocity" in its
          employees' career progress
        - I would like the minimum required "velocity" to be as low as
          possible but still positive.
        - Stagnation is death, but the risk of over-ambition is burnout
        - Slow and steady wins the race?
      - Seating
        - I appreciate that 20% annual staff growth leads to logistic problems
          which include seating arrangements
        - I prefer to work in isolation when not actively collaborating or
          meeting

# vim: nosmartindent:tw=78
