# The Last Three Weeks

Because for some reason everything happens when I think nothing else will
happen.

## Marco

Took him to the vet on the night of the 6th. Picked him up on the 7th. Took
him in on the 14th, picked him up later that day. Took him home. He passed
away some time between Sunday night and Monday morning. I found out Monday
evening.

## Sarah

I saw her on the sidewalk on the 8th, she offered me her phone number, I
texted her while she was standing there. I thought she'd let me know when her
schedule was open.

I texted her again on the 15th to say that things with Marco were keeping me
from following up sooner and that I'll definitely see her August 1st. She
replied the next day, so at least I know I have the right number and she's not
ignoring me.

## Bree

On the night of the 16th I met Lelah, drummer for Tacocat, at Bait Shop. I
told her I've had a huge crush on Bree for seven years. She sent my picture,
Bree responded positively, Lelah said she would scheme on my behalf. I gave
her my email, phone number and full name.

Haven't heard from her since, but...

## Leah

On the night of the 19th I was at Bait Shop again trying to be reachable
shoudl anyone have lost my info and be looking for me. Around 1am Leah pounced
me and took me home and I had the best time I've had with a woman in 18 years.

On the afternoon of the 20th she told me she had no regrets but that she's
still healing from her last relationship. I responded with understanding and
requesting clarification (can we just meet up for coffee like friends?) and
haven't heard back since. But she still accepted my friend request.

Friday I noticed that she and Lelah are friends on Facebook. Could be nothing
but I've been coming up with theories. Also Friday night I had a nice
conversation with Michele, who was there Sunday night for sure and Wednesday
night maybe and I told her all my concerns and she was very understanding and
comforting and then I went home.

## Who knows what else

