# What I want

  - Not to work for Jeff
  - To work for Amazon
  - To be appreciated

# What happened

From memory, so the usual caveats apply.

  - April
    - I joined the team thinking my ample experience would be put to good use
    - Ignored and dismissed for several weeks
    - Invested a lot of my time in SysEng community
  - May
    - Told Atulya I don't trust Jeff, dismissed
    - Assigned to spreadsheet jocky task
    - Spent a lot of my time building up team wiki
  - June
    - Team launch, Arbor onboarding
  - July
    - Personal crisis
  - August
    - Asked by Atulya if I want to be on the team
      - I was shocked but also said "of course I do"
  - September
    - Asked by Jeff if I want to be on the team
      - I was annoyed but said "I think so"
      - A week later I told Jeff "after being asked twice, I've decided 'no'"
      - This seemed to surprise him?
      - He said he'd see what he could do about getting me an exception to the
        one year rule.
  - October or November (not sure on exact timing)
    - Told by Jeff that one year limit has been lifted
      - BUT, supposedly Atulya had marked my record in some way which prevents
        transfer.
      - And Jeff will work on getting the mark removed but I have to show some
        results.
      - He couldn't or wouldn't tell me what kind of results he needed to see.
  - December
    - On my second on-call I made a mistake which could have been disasterous
      but in fact was completely harmless.
      - I recognized my mistake the next day and brought it to Jeff's
        attention.
      - Jeff wrote me a formal-sounding email chastising me for this. I assume
        he Bcc'd HR or something. He seemed to be making a case against me.
      - I drove the COE for the incident.
    - I emailed Jeff asking if the feedback he had been giving me verbally
      about Ownership and Deliver Results was to keep me on course for
      promotion or to keep me from having to go on a PIP.
        - He didn't respond so I asked him in person the next week.
        - He said "let's not talk about that until after the holidays"
  - January
    - While working on the new version of the spreadsheet nonsense I had been
      doing every week for over half a year, I realized Jeff was setting me up
      for failure.
        - I over-reacted (called mentally sick for two days), but still did
          what I could to address the problem.
        - I filed a ticket with HR noting my objections.
        - I met with Andy and Erin to explain my objections, try to understand
          what my real situation was and to try to negotiate an improved
          situation (not working for Jeff).
        - As I had been under a lot of stress already I was visibly upset
          every time they saw me. Erin asked me to take a LOA to stabilize my
          medications and obtain some detachment.
  - February - March
    - Took 6 weeks off
    - To reduce the risk of re-agitating myself, I avoided all my Amazon
      friends.
    - Had my first motorcycle accident (I'm fine).
    - Had a nine-day cold
    - Reached out to Erin about returning to work
      - Her response suggested she thought my previous concerns were no longer
        active.
      - I clarified that my position was unchanged.
  - April
    - I have at least one hot lead for a manager (@skalki) who probably wants
      to hire me.
    - I had three warm leads in February.
    - Amazon can't hire SEs fast enough and there are 564 openings for
      "System, Quality and Security Engineering". 299 of them are in Seattle.
      123 of those are in AWS.

# The plan

  - Today: IPv6
  - Tomorrow: Show up 9am, meet with new Lookout manager Rich
  - Later: some kind of PIP thing is happening :/
  - I will still pursue other teams while PIPing

