## Stud for Hire

### He Just Can't With This Job Market

William is down to his last few dollars. A year ago he had been laid off from
his factory job because he kept asking questions instead of working. Over the
following months he had worked odd jobs but couldn't hold anything down for
long because he couldn't follow directions without knowing "why". His last job
had been selling magazine subscriptions over the phone, but he was fired
because he refused to sell magazines to people who didn't want them.

Now he has no friends, no family, no credit and only the few crumbled bills in
his jacket. Earlier this week William had walked into several institutions
requesting help and/or guidance: a police station, a hospital, a church and a
school. Each had been sympathetic to his situation but unable to offer any
assistance or to point him to the path of self-sustainability.

And so it is now, at the end of his rope, that William approaches the seediest
dive he knows of, hoping to get himself killed in the underworld so that his
inevitable death won't be ruled a suicide. Maybe William thinks suicides don't
get public funds directed in useful directions?

### Head First

"Hey kid, no minors allowed. Go home and finish your homework or something."

"I'm over 21." William pulls out his wallet and shows the bouncer his ID. The
bouncer raises his eyebrows, shrugs and steps aside. William pockets his
wallet and enters.

William easily avoids the various intoxicated people wildly gesturing and
yelling at their laughing companions for no reason. The bar isn't so busy that
he has to work to find a path to the bar. He takes a seat and waits for one of
the bartenders to get around to him.

One of the bartenders on duty, an enormous tattooed woman with a crew cut and
thick arms scoops ice into a glass and squirts water into it. She growls
loudly enough to be heard of the crows, "What can I get for ya" as she slides
the glace of ice water in front of William.

William looks her straight in the eyes. "I'm looking for work that doesn't
follow mainstream rules."

The bartender had been operating in automatic mode up to this point, but
William's statement and demeanor jolt her out of it. She cocks an eyebrow and
sizes William up. "I know a lot of drink recipes, but I'm not familiar with
that one. Hold on a sec while I consult my cookbook...."

William nods as she stomps off and examines his ice water. A minute later an
extremely expensively dressed woman approaches William and extends her hand.
William shakes it as she says, "I understand you're looking for work. I may
just the position for a young man such as yourself. Care to join me at my
booth over there?"

### The Proposition

"My name is Rinko," the woman says as she and William take there seats in one
of the bar's booths.

"Like from The Beatles?" William asks in confusion.

"Close enough," she replies. "Jules tells me you're looking for unconventional
work. I happen to be tasked with finding healthy young men with nothing to
lose. Would you say this describes you?"

William's eyes narrow as he looks at Rinko and considers her question. "... I
guess it depends on the specifics? I've done assembly line and construction
work, so I'm healthy enough for that. I don't know what you mean by 'Nothing
to Lose'. I've read that I shouldn't reveal desperation when applying for a
job, but you'll find out soon enough when you do a background check. I have
terrible credit and have a poor resume. No legitimate business wants to take a
chance on me because there are plenty of less risky candidates to choose
from."

Rinko finishes writing something, puts her pen down, pushes her glasses up her
nose and smiles. "When would you be ready to travel?"

"I'm ready now. The sooner the better, because my passport expires in a few
weeks."

"Good. When would you be expected back?"

William doesn't reply to this question as quickly. He seems to be considering
the implications. "Like, would anyone ever file a missing person report for
me?"

Rinko chuckles, "yes, exactly. Will you be missed if you are chosen for this
job?"

"No."

"Excellent!" Rinko folds up her notes and tucks them into her purse, then
pulls out a phone. "How's about you and me go meet your new boss William?"

William's eyes grow a little larger. "I don't remember telling you my name..."

Rinko grins. "We only get away with what we do because our information is
_very good_."
