## Welcome to Hell

### Introduction

Rinko rises from the booth and looks at William expectantly. William stands
and asks, "do you need to pay a bill or anything?"

"No, we take care of that sort of thing on an annual basis." Rinko reaches
out, takes William's hand and leads him towards the back of the bar. She pulls
him through the kitchen and out behind the bar where a long dark car awaits.
She opens the door for him and gestures for him to enter.

William pauses. "This is my last chance to come to my senses, isn't it?"

"Ha! No. You missed that chance a few days ago. Maybe I'll tell you about it
later. Now, in you go!"

William climbs into the vehicle. It's exactly what he expects: windows too
dark to see through from the outside, a window between the driver and
passengers that is too sturdy to be standard edition, plush seating, high-tech
entertainment and a sense of either having escaped or been caught in a trap.
Or both.

Rinko pours herself into the car with practiced elegance, closing the door
behind her with one too many clunks and clicks. She slides over next to William,
puts a hand on his thigh and looks over her glasses into his eyes.

"Now William, how healthy would you say you are, exactly?"

William responds as though he is too tired and desperate to be intimidated by
an inappropriate advance. "How healthy do you need me to be, Ms. Rinko?"

Rinko squeezes his thigh, laughs and replies, "Just call me Rinko. And it's
not up to me to decide how much is healthy enough, but we might as well test
your stamina on the way to the airport." She releases his though but
immediately reaches forward with both hands and starts unbuttoning his shirt.

"Ah. So it's that kind of work. Better than hit man I suppose," William
concedes. While Rinko deftly unbuttons William's shirt, William unbuckles his
belt, unbuttons his jeans and slides the whole ensemble to the floor of the
car. His timing is such that Rinko is just finishing with the lowest button of
his shirt when he raises his hips to disrobe. His dick flops upward just in
time to lightly tap Rinko on the back of her hand.

"Oh my! What have we here," she says with playful enthusiasm.

"It's a dick. I'm sure you've seen one before," William replies coldly.

"Aw, don't be like that. I just know you're going to love your new job,
assuming you're up to it. And to that end, I will now begin testing your
stamina." And with that Rinko took hold of William's cock and slurped it into
her mouth. "Mmmmm!" she hummed as she lolled her tongue around him.

William was still in shock as he was realizing approximately what he had
gotten himself into. He wasn't excited in the least about Rinko's oral
ministrations because he was too worried about when and why he was going to be
killed.

Still, Rinko was no slouch. In not very many seconds William found himself
enjoying the warmth, wetness and eagerness of Rinko's mouth. She wasn't just
sucking him off, she was taking him in with a kind of fervor. William had been
with dozens of women but had never had a woman attack his dong so hungrily.
Many were cautious, some were aggressive, a few were eager, but none were
hungry. Rinko seemed to really want William's dick in her face.

As he started to become aroused, William became more interested in what lay
beneath Rinko's expensive suit. But first he reached down carefully with both
hands to remove her glasses. She paused briefly to grin at him with his dick
in her mouth as he folded the glasses and tucked them into a safe storage spot
in the car. After that she seemed to become even more enthusiastic.

William's cock started to swell in Rinko's mouth while he reached over to
place his whole hand on her thigh, the tips of his fingers reaching over the
hem of her pencil skirt. He could feel her smiling and murmuring around the
base of his cock, his head growing towards her gullet. Emboldened, he curled
his fingers and pulled her skirt up to reveal she wore no underwear.

"What the hell kind of job interview is this?!" William joked. Rinko pulled
herself off his cock just long enough to say, "the kind you deserver,
William!" and then plunged his cock back into her face for more ministrations.


