### The Flight

William awoke to the muffled high-pitch scream of a small jet aircraft clawing
its way across the planet with William in its belly. He found himself
comfortably propped up in a sort of extra-cushy bed of hammock, pillows and
belts, clearly designed to keep him in place without disturbing his sleep or
frightening him when he awoke.

He looked around the rest of the cabin to assess his situation. He recognized
Rinko sitting directly aft of him in a seat like the kind an airline attendant
sits in when they have to be strapped in. She wasn't wearing the belts, but
she was sitting there, staring at him with a kind of smirk. He did his best
not to react.

Swinging his gaze around the cabin, William ascertained that he was on the
port side, that the plane was too customized to be a general-purpose
commercial plane, and that, based on the nature of the light coming in the
windows, William had been unconscious long enough for his captors to get him
into a plane and fly him somewhere where the sun was rising. Having entered
that bar around 1am, that meant he had either traveled to the east fairly
quickly or been out for several hours.

"You seem to have many things on your mind," Rinko said, crossing her legs in
a way which reminded William he had not fully explored those thighs the way he
had intended.

"Naturally. As far as I know I've been press-ganged into sexual slavery, and I
don't yet know if that's bad for me."

Rinko giggled and then composed herself. "Yes, well. You haven't yet finished
the interview process. I'm still not done interviewing you, and after that you
still have others to impress."

"But am I interviewing for a job or am I interviewing to delay my death?"
William had not moved from his "bunk" amongst the blankets, pillows, belts and
clasps. He didn't know how much liberty he had nor how much he could get away
with.

"Weren't you already interviewing to delay your death? That's how I found you
in the first place. Normal work would not sustain you so you reached out for
an alternative and I responded to that request."

William stared at Rinko coldly. What she said agreed with his memories in
principle, but he had expected something less sinister. Did he even have any
right to complain when he was making his last ditch effort to not have to kill
himself?

"So what do I have to do next? Are you going to peg me or something?"

At this Rinko laughed in a way that might have been the most genuine William
had seen from her so far. "Ha ha ha! Not at all! I'm not going to do anything
to you for a while. Your next interview test is only to ensure you are not a
psychological risk for the work ahead of you.

"So a different kind of mind game," William mumbled and stared at the
bulkhead. "I can't wait..."


