### The Landing

Over the several hours of the flight, Rinko and William fucked several times.
At first William was compliant, then he was defiant, then he was ardent. Rinko
was mostly just amused and professional at the same time, though near the end
of the flight her mask might have slipped a little. Or maybe that is just
something William imagined in retrospect out of hopeful thinking.

The plane landed in daylight in an obviously tropical environment, at a
clearly private airport. There was no control tower, there were no lights to
be seen, and there was no airport.

Rinko and William had been many kinds of intimate over the last eight hours.
Sleep deprivation, hunger, thirst and such had taken there toll. William was
putty in Rinko's hands and she had no difficulty guiding him down the fold-out
steps to the tarmac to be met by a cheerful gentleman driving a sort of
golf-cart. Rinko poured William into one of the back seats of the cart and
then slid next to him from the other side to hold onto him so he wouldn't fall
out of the cart on their way to .. wherever.

### The Introduction

"Sir, I present Mr. William .B Steel." Rinko presses her hand against the
small of William's back, ushering him forward.

Before him, William sees an enormous, ancient mahogany desk. Behind that, an
elderly man sits comfortably in an enormous leather chair, resplendent and
regal. The old man stands, extends his hands out in a gesture of welcome and
says, "Welcome to the club, Mr. Steel."

William stands before the desk, staring at the old man, while Rinko saunters
around to his left to stand politely at the old man's right hand side. There
is a certain familiarity to their posture.

"Did you have a pleasant flight, Mr. Steel" The elderly gentleman is clearly
party to what is going on here, and possibly the architect.

William pauses to allow for more information, then replies: "I have no
complaints."

The old man chuckles knowingly, then resumes his seat at the desk. Rinko
continues to stand at his right side, at a sexy kind of attention. "Relax my
dear," comments the old man in her direction, and she does so, even more
amusement and color rising to her face.

### Q and A

The old man makes a show of organizing the nothing on the surface of the
enormous desk, then looks to William and asks: "Do you know why you're here?"

William takes this a sort of challenge; he figures it's part of the interview
process. "I recall the sequence of events I was party to which led to this
situation. I do not know how much of that was orchestrated, or whether there
is a particular reason I was caught up in them."

The old man beams and looks up at Rinko. "And to think I doubted you!" he
says to her. Rinko grins briefly then resumes her professional relaxed pose at
his side.

The old man continues: "Mr. Steel.. May I call you Bill?

William had been standing there observing the entire scene in utter exhaustion
and dismay.  Given an open question like this he was at a loss to say anything
clever.

"Yeah, sure. Whatever."

"Delightful!" the old man cackled. "Well then! Bill. My dear Bill! You and I
must become acquainted. Rinko's reports are nothing but flattering. I think
you could represent me very well once you understand the job. But first I must
ensure you're intellectually compatible with what awaits you.

Bill, becoming bored, begins to scan the room, looking for surprises.

"Bill, I plan to ask you to do things with, and to, other humans. These things
might bother you. I need to know how you feel about that so I can adjust my
strategies accordingly." As he speaks, the old man gazes at Bill appraisingly.
It looks like the old man knows how to size up a person.

William redirects his attention directly at the old man's eyes. "You're going
to tell me to hurt people?"

"Well now.. I wouldn't say that, not _per se_, not _as such_... I would never
ask you to do something that can't be undone, and if it can be undone, what's
the harm? Still, I will direct you to do things to people which they will say
they don't want, but _I know better_. Do you understand, Mr. Steel?"

William did understand. The old man was a weird kind of third-party rape
apologist and William was his tool for proving his point. But William had no
say in the matter. Even before he became embroiled in this nonsense he had no
options, and having sided with the mysterious Rinko, his options had narrowed
even more.

"The situation is becoming clearer the more you elucidate, mysterious
gentleman."

At this the old man is almost overwhelmed by his own laughter. At first he
gleefully laughs, but then he begins coughing and at the end he is gasping for
breath, the lovely Rinko directly at his side, tending to him.

"Yes, Mr. Steel, I am certain you understand _quite well_, what it is I ask of
you. I'm not even sure this interview was necessary! Ha ha!" followed by more
coughs. "Even so, it would be rude not to ask you if you have any questions?"

"Under the circumstances, I can't trust any answer you give, but taking for
granted that you are operating in good faith, my first question is: will you
apply rules retro-actively? That is, if you don't tell me a rule in advance,
and then it later turns out it's a rule, will I still be subject to the
consequences of violation of that rule before I learn of it?"

The old man's eyes open up quite a bit and Rinko's posture next to him tenses
though she does not remove her arm from around his shoulders.

"You've said a mouth-full, so to speak. I see what you mean, and I appreciate
your directness in this question. At once you both said and asked a lot at the
same time, and I like that kind of efficiency. That's how I got here, after
all. Aheh." The old man looks up at Rinko and she nods, smiling.

"Well then, I suppose you are entitled to answers to all your questions,
explicit or otherwise. You are correct in assuming you are entirely beholden
to me and all who serve me. That also supports your assertion that whatever I
say is irrelevant since I can just do whatever I want anyway. But that's no
fun, is it?"

William continues to stare blankly at the old man while Rinko gently strokes
the old man's neck and shoulders.

"Right. Rhetorical question. So! Your question was, will I pull the rug out
from under your feet. Heh." The old man pauses, smiling to himself. "Well
_now_ I won't. It would have been fun before, but you fixed that now, didn't
you? Ha!"

William continues to stare straight at the old man, only occasionally letting
his attention shift to Rinko to see if she was revealing any new information.
She never was.

"Yes. Well. Now that you've asked, and taking into consideration that my word
is meaningless since I am in fact in complete control, I 'promise' not to
change the rules retro-actively. I will not hold you accountable for a rule I
haven't told you in advance. That wouldn't be cricket, would it?"

William briefly considers answering this non-question, then decides against
it.

"Right! So! Em, uh, let's move on to what I am actually asking of you, because
I need to know whether you're up to it! So to speak! That's a joke. Um. I
suppose you won't know why that's a joke until later. Ha." The old man sighs
and looks up at Rinko again, who continues to stroke his head and shoulders
and just generally support him.

"Anyway, I need you to fuck women for me. I want to fuck them myself, but I am
not in my prime, and it's unlikely but entirely possible that one of them
could overpower me. All the more so if we had a group event! Ha!" The old man
looks at William with a sort of expectation which William does not respond to.

"Right. Oh well. It doesn't matter if you like it. I'm going to tell you to
fuck women, whether they welcome you or not, and if you don't the job is over.
And there's nothing after the job.

The old man adopts a more serious visage and peers at William over the surface
of the huge desk .

"Do you expect me to raise some sort of objection at this point?" William
asks.

"Well... I thought I should leave the venue open to discussion..."

"You've enslaved both me and whomever you would instruct me to rape and you
seem to think you can talk me into it. Hopefully disagreeing with you isn't a
death-sentence, but it's not like I have any say in the matter either way, so
whatever.

The old man settles into his chair a little more deeply. "Oh my. Well. You
make some good points William."

"What happened to Mr. Steel?"

The old man doesn't respond to William. He looks up at Rinko instead. "Rinko,
take this man to his quarters while I consider his case."

"Yes sir." Rinko removes her hands from the old man's shoulders and comes
around the enormous desk towards William. William continues to stand without
reaction. Rinko takes his hand and mumbles, "you should come with me."

William complies.
