# Notes

## Outline

- Context
- Who am I
- When/how Nicole and I worked together
- Nicole's awesomeness


# Dafts

## 1

Hello,

I am writing to recommend Nicole Bade as an instructor in technical writing.

I have worked in Information Technology (IT) as various forms of System
Administrator since the spring of 1996. I started as a Unix admin for a small
Internet Service Provider at [Got.net](http://got.net). I left Got.net to work
as a Novell administrator for one of their customers, the now defunct Coast
Commercial Bank. I then went on to work for another of Got.net's customers,
Tapestry.net (also defunct), as desktop support and Unix admin. After that I
went back to Got.net to resume my duties as a sysadmin and lead the budding
customer suppoort team. In 2002 I took a position at what was then known as
The Walt Disney Internet Group, now known as [Disney
Interactive](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disney_Interactive). Over the next
four years I worked on three teams: the Service Operations Center (SOC), the
Data Center Services team (DCS) and the Mobile and Messaging System
Engineering team (SEMobile). In 2010 I left Disney to work at [Fred Hutch
Cancer Research Center (FHCRC)](http://fredhutch.org/) as administrator of the
DataFax clinical data management application.  In 2012 I left FHCRC to join
the Payments Systems Operations team at [Amazon.com](http://amazon.com]. In
2015 I moved to the DDoS Response Team within AWS Edge Services at Amazon.com,
where I remain to this day.

I encouraged Nicole to apply at Disney and campaigned from inside for them to
interview her. We worked together directly in the SOC and less directly after
I transitioned to SEMobile. On that team I relied on Nicole in her capacity as
a member of the SOC, which supported all the System Engineering teams by
driving adoption of ITIL processes and best practices, and by providing
Incident Management services. Nicole moved on to FHCRC and later convinced me
to join her there where she and her team managed the infrastructure my systems
ran on.

In providing Incient Management at DIG, Nicole's clear, concise communication
facilitated collaboration amongst engineers such as myself while we worked the
incidents in question. She helped the SOC achieve a level of trust with the
teams it supported which allowed those teams to focus on the technical issues
and not be distracted by the business and logistics issues associated with
minimizing the impact of incidents. Nicole's focus on effective communiation
provided a model for others within and the SOC and other Operations teams
which reduced some of the frustration inherent in responding to incidents. 

When I came to FHCRC, I took over the DataFax administration role from Nicole.
She trained me in person and provided me with much of the documentation I
relied on to perform my duties. After the transition I was a customer of her
team's infrastructure support service. They too benefitted from Nicole's
influence as a clear, concise communicator. In the most significant incident
we were involved in, Nicole's facility with both the technology her team
supported and managing effective communications greatly simplified my own
research and resolution of the problem at hand.

## 2

Hello,

I am writing to recommend Nicole Bade as an instructor in technical writing.

I have worked in Information Technology (IT) as various forms of System
Administrator since the spring of 1996. I started as a Unix admin for a small
Internet Service Provider at [Got.net](http://got.net). I left Got.net to work
as a Novell administrator for one of their customers, the now defunct Coast
Commercial Bank. I then went on to work for another of Got.net's customers,
Tapestry.net (also defunct), as desktop support and Unix admin. After that I
went back to Got.net to resume my duties as a sysadmin and lead the budding
customer support team. In 2002 I took a position at what was then known as
The Walt Disney Internet Group, now known as [Disney
Interactive](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disney_Interactive). Over the next
four years I worked on three teams: the Service Operations Center (SOC), the
Data Center Services team (DCS) and the Mobile and Messaging System
Engineering team (SEMobile). In 2010 I left Disney to work at [Fred Hutch
Cancer Research Center (FHCRC)](http://fredhutch.org/) as administrator of the
DataFax clinical data management application.  In 2012 I left FHCRC to join
the Payments Systems Operations team at [Amazon.com](http://amazon.com]. In
2015 I moved to the DDoS Response Team within AWS Edge Services at Amazon.com,
where I remain to this day.

At Disney we worked together directly in the SOC and less directly after I
transitioned to SEMobile. On that team I relied on Nicole in her capacity as a
member of the SOC, which supported all the System Engineering teams by driving
adoption of ITIL processes and best practices, and by providing Incident
Management services. Nicole moved on to FHCRC and later convinced me to join
her there where she and her team managed the infrastructure my systems ran on.

Working with Nicole has always been a pleasure. Nicole provides a practical,
clear, calm focus on identifying and addressing the most urgent concerns
in a relatively young field often in dire need of such focus. Her clear
communication and calm demeanor built immense trust between her own teams and
the teams they supported. That level of trust made my work easier because I
could rely on Nicole's teams and because the other teams I worked with had
also benefited from Nicole's team's support.
