Piper helped Sheila realize she had been a lesbian all along. Sheila is a
pragmatist with minimal concern for writing past wrongs and maximum concern
for learning from the past and adapting humanity's course accordingly. With
Piper always speaking and acting in the pursuit of truth and the well-being of
those who still survive and support each other, Sheila's memories of Nate
eventually centered on his lazy and fatalistic tendencies. She didn't know
what he'd seen in action, was certain it had scarred him and didn't blame him
for reacting to his experiences the way he had, but Piper has clearly Seen
Some Shit of her own and it has been far more personal, yet she takes care of
herself, raises her sister and still has enough fight left to stand up to her
opposition with bravery and integrity. 

Of course Sheila fell in love with her. It was inevitable.

When Sheila and Piper met Curie they had both been taking their friendships
with Codsworth for granted for months. They barely though of him as a machine
at all, any more than they thought of Preston as a black man or Mama Murphy as
a junkie. The amazing advances General Atomics made in implementing the minds
of their robots were irrelevant to their relationship with the friendly,
protective, helpful guy they knew. When Curie first expressed a desire to
become more human, Sheila was a little concerned. She thought Curie might be
mistaken about how much difference in capability there was between her
circuits and the biology of human consciousness. Ever the pragmatic realistic,
Sheila thought Curie was imposing on herself an unfounded model of
intelligence without any concrete evidence to support that model. However,
since Curie was already far more qualified to make a judgement on the subject
Sheila deferred to the robot who said she'd be more fulfilled as a human and
helped her achieve that goal.

Piper didn't even see the question as controversial in any way. There was this
person who wanted to change her body in some way. Whether it was a piercing or
conversion from wires to neurons was not a detail which had any bearing on her
view of the matter. What Curie wanted for herself was not likely to hurt
anyone, would likely give Curie a great deal of happiness, and in all
likelihood the operation would test and expose more truths for people to make
constructive use of.

After the operation Sheila was relieved to find that Curie's personality
seemed to be entirely unmarred by the transformation and that Curie never had
any regrets. On the contrary, Curie seemed to revel in exploring the
differences in the capabilities and limitations of her old and new forms.  To
this day Sheila isn't convinced Curie needed to go through the transformation
to accomplish her goals, but given how happy Curie has been in the years
since, Sheila considers the entire adventure to be a complete success.

Piper of course had a brief "I told you so" look in her grin a few times in
the weeks after the operation, but she never gloated and it wasn't too long
before the matter was just another funny thing the three of them would talk
about sometimes.

Of course, being the curious, clinical type, it was Curie who introduced the
topic of poly-fidelity into the various idle conversations with which the
three of them filled the time on the long treks between settlements. Before
the war Sheila had encountered the concept of 'swinging' though she had no
personal experience and did not know anyone who would admit to having done it.
Piper, always digging for new hidden truths, had heard of what she had assumed
to be every kind of relationship any group of humans could possibly have,
romantic or otherwise, but what Curie described was new, and life being what
it is in the wastelands, all the stories Piper had heard were abusive in some
way, and a few of them were utterly horrific.

So Neither Sheila nor Piper had heard of or considered this utopian notion of
humans voluntarily negotiating and committing to multiple simultaneous
permanent romantic relationships, each relationship in the community equal to
every other. At first the idea seemed laughable, insane, greedy, possibly
something a maniac might dream up and pretend they're having with unwilling
partners.

In her innocent, patient, abstract, clinical, matter-of-fact way, Curie kept
adroitly working the subject into their conversations to explore with Sheila
and Piper.  It may be significant that she only ever talked about it with them
when both of them were present, or it might just have been that the two were
nigh inseparable so Curie had no practical opportunities to work the topic
into conversations with just Sheila or Piper.

In any case, Sheila and Piper's initial skepticism and incredulity gradually
gave way to fully-engaged but still entirely abstract and hypothetical
philosophical discussion. They no longer considered the idea essentially
impossible in practice, but instead merely considered it highly unlikely and
only workable under particular circumstances between highly compatible and
mature people.

At some point Curie stopped being the only one of the three who was working
the topic into seemingly unrelated conversations. Sheila would reference the
prior conversations the three had had on the topic in explaining her thoughts
on some other problem they were dealing with. They'd be talking about the
difference in dynamics between the Abernathy place, the Sunshine Tidings Co-Op
and the Starlight Drive-In Station, vs those of the Taffington Boathouse,
County Crossing and Greentop Nursery and Sheila would use something Curie had
said about poly-fidelity to make a point about her views on the differences
between these groups of settlements. These sorts of discussions tended to be
long and meandering anyway and if anyone noticed the change they didn't say
so.

Then one day, early in the morning the day after a long sleepless night
celebrating their third anniversary, Sheila and Piper were cuddling together
under a blanket on a couch on the porch of a tiny house Curie had helped them
built on Spectacle Island. They were waiting to watch the sun rise together,
feeding each other slices of mutfruit and passing a bottle of wine between
them. Naturally they were talking about everything they had been through
together over the last three years, and of course Curie factored heavily into
their recollections and always favorably.  They traded stories of Curie's
bravery, competency, humor, kindness and how she was just a joy to have
around. They talked about what a big part Curie played in maintaining the
complex politics of the newly organized Commonwealth which Sheila ostensibly
governed, but most knew to be managed by a triumvirate of all three women.

They also agreed with chuckles and sighs that even though they'd only been on
their vacation for a couple of days, they both missed Curie and her
philosophical curiosity. At this point the color of the horizon was beginning
to change obviously and they grew silent in anticipation of the sun's arrival.
And as they sat quietly looking out across the water the two of them thought
more about Curie and there conversations with her.

Then they missed the sunrise because a moment before it started they both
suddenly turned their heads to look at each other and, in unison, said, 
"she's in love with us!"

Then there was then an awkward moment during which the two of them stared at
each other while the sun rose. Their faces shifted from cool blue to warm gold
as the sun's light burned through the morning haze. They did not react to the
sun's greeting but instead the two of them began to speak again, both saying
the same things at about the same time, but with slightly different words and
timing:

  "She doesn't want to get between us." 

The first sentences came out slowly, tentatively, as if testing to see how
they sounded outside of each of their heads, or to gauge the other's reactions
as they received the words.

  "She wants us each to be as happy as possible." 

As they heard the other saying the same things, they grew more secure and
comfortable with what they knew was going on.

  "She has been in love with us since before the operation..."

They started laughing while saying these things as their vague feelings of
fear gave way to the certainty that they could trust and rely on each other
and that what they were talking about wasn't any threat to them or their
relationship.

Then their laughter died off somewhat abruptly, they looked at each other
again, and both said:

  "... and I love her, too."

Their smiles then were subtle, gentle, relaxed and serene as they gazed
intently into each others' eyes again, the distant sun struggling and failing
to be noticed by the happy lovers discovering a new joy in their lives waiting
to grow like their love for each other had been since they had first started
setting The Commonwealth in order so long ago.

Sheila's eyes lit up and she said suddenly, "we have to go propose to her
right now!"

Piper "Wait, one of us at a time or both at the same time?"

"And do we want to ask her to marry each of us individually or the combination
of the couple that is both of us?"

"... I don't know?!" Piper responded. "But we know an expert!"

"To the power armor!" Sheila yelled as she tossed their blanket aside, leapt up
from the couch, and then screamed "OH SHIT IT'S STILL COLD OUT!" 

Piper laughed, "Why did you throw the blanket out of my reach! I was using
that!" then jumped up to chase Sheila inside.

---

Piper and Sheila emerged from the cabin much later than they had intended,
having become distracted by each other once inside, and then finally falling
asleep after a total of nearly 20 hours celebrating their three year
relationship and another two hours anticipating the new relationship they
hoped to establish with Curie soon.

They had parked their power armor a few feet from the cabin's porch the
previous afternoon after exploring the remains of some of the nearby
shipwrecks which nobody had yet figured out how to salvage completely, racing
each other back and forth across the island a few times, and sitting at the
peak of the island, enjoying a picnic Curie had prepared for them as a gift.
They had spent most of the rest of their anniversary inside the cabin enjoying
each other's company in all the many ways they had learned over the years.

Having napped as long as they did, the abandoned sun had been waiting for them
quite a while and had grown impatient. Benevolent, but still demanding, the
sun decided to take out its frustrations on them by pouring ample heat into
their power armor.

First to reach her suit, Sheila opened it and then partially recoiled before
eventually reaching for the handles and climbing in. "Crap, the armor's hot
from being in the sun again." With Sheila's reaction having prepared her,
Piper confidently opened and climbed into her armor, tolerating the heat with
resignation and hollered from inside her suit, "Nuts. I hate when the armor's
this hot. At least they'll cool down quickly once we get under water in a few
minutes."

At that the sun frowned to itself, realizing the punishment it had meted out
would be briefer than intended and under-appreciated.

Piper continued via suit comms: "From now on let's park on the north side of
the cabin." While her own suit finished booting, Sheila agreed, "Yeah, and let's
also build a shed for them when we get back. I don't like thinking what the
rad storms must do to them when they're left outside." They turned west and
strode toward the far side of the island. Piper continued, "I like the idea of
making a place we can park the suits to protect them from the storm, but
obviously it needs to be big enough for three suits." From then on the talk
was all about Curie and how they would broach the subject she had been raising
amongst them almost the entire time they'd all known each other. Their
conversation didn't skip a beat as they stomped down the sandy beach of the
west side of the island, into the water and onward towards The Castle.

---

To those who worked with the three of them running the (no longer) new
Commonwealth organization, Curie calling the shots was business as usual.
They had long since gotten into a comfortable pattern of going to Curie for
anything that required high-level involvement but wasn't urgent or risky.
Sheila was usually busy with some sort of long-term project like finding
better ways to organize research projects or planning one of her regular
visits to the settlements. Besides, while Sheila had always kept her cool so
far, many were in awe of Sheila and some feared that some day the pressure of
her responsibilities would become push her over the edge and they might
experience an unpleasant sample of the intensity they had heard or in some
case witnessed while she and her sidekicks were cleaning up the wasteland.
Just to be safe, folks avoided involving Sheila in anything which didn't
absolutely require her attention, and relied on Curie for most matters which
they would have taken to Sheila had Curie not been an option.

Piper also operated as an extension of Sheila in this sense, except her
primary focus was acquisition, processing and protection. If anyone wanted to
know anything important, or wanted anything important known, they could go to
Piper. Piper has always been good natured and has endless patience for anyone
who genuinely seeks to share truth. When someone came to her with something
she already knew, she would still get excited about finding out who didn't
have the information yet and would want it and how they might distribute it.
She has never been great at organizing the information, but Curie always seems
to have time to clean up after both Sheila and Piper.

Despite the outward appearance to some that Curie and Piper work for Sheila as
lieutenants or advisors, ...

Piper and Curie have been at Sheila's side from nearly the beginning. For
almost two years the three of them rampaged across the Commonwealth, cleaning
up messes of every kind, solving mysteries and problems on every scale, coming
to the aid of those who could not defend themselves, providing advice to those
without the knowledge or experience to deal with problems they encountered,
organizing settlements, establishing an informal consensus across the
Commonwealth and chasing away those who would not negotiate.

And in all their public appearances, Sheila explicitly introduced Piper and
Curie as her equals and treated them as such at every turn.

But people are slow to give up familiar social structures and patterns
regardless of how well or poorly those structures have served them. When the
dust had settled and the trio had driven out enough of the troublemakers, the
people who were left were largely open-minded enough to talk about new ideas,
but they were not ready to live a life with more or less than one official
"leader". They wanted a president and they wanted that president to be watched
by two other groups, but still basically be in charge. Those two other groups
couldn't be the president's best friend and her other best friend.

So despite Sheila's arguments against it, she was named The Sole President
(officially worded that way in recognition of her history) and Curie and Piper
were named the first two secretaries of her presidential cabinet.  Having
gotten that out of the way, the definition of the structure and operations of
the new government continued without further discussion of that particular
matter.

---

The question of who amongst the three of them would be president had been
decided long before the question of whether there would be a president at all
had become a serious topic.

In their travails, the three had naturally fallen into different roles
according to their dispositions and the tales of their exploits included
relatively accurate depictions of this. Piper also went out of her way to
correct any stories she heard going around which she knew to be false.

Sheila's imposing demeanor and facility with negotiations made her the
de-facto leader of every room she walked into, whether those who had already
been in the room knew it or not. Whatever the situation, once Sheila arrived
the only power anyone held was brief chaos or whatever Sheila granted them.
Sheila herself is barely aware of and not remotely concerned with this impact
she has on others. She has always been driven by a kind of impatience in the
face of anything which she sees as an impediment to progress.

For Sheila, discussion of "who is in charge" is at best a harmless distraction
for those with too much energy and not enough focus. At worst it is a
dangerous tool by which the ambitious manipulate the fearful, the lazy and the
ignorant to their detriment. Sheila only tolerates this sort of thing as a
concession to those whom she respects who for whatever reason desire or
require such things. She considers it one of the ways people can have a
natural shortcoming like a birth defect or irreparable injury. It's not malice
or an infectious disease, it's just one of the things she and they have to
support each other in working around, like her own difficulties seeing or
caring about other people's seemingly unproductive complexities.

Some people want or need to discuss who's going to do what when. Sheila
already knows the best answer automatically and acts on that information
without reservation. On the other hand, Sheila sometimes has little or no idea
what others are thinking, nor does she care. This is usually fine for her, but
becomes a problem when her model of others is wrong enough to throw off her
automatic sense of what needs to happen. 

She has seen how people with the weird "who's in charge" fetish can be
incredibly effective at forwarding humanity, despite their obsession with
abstract matters having seemingly no bearing on getting the job done. 

She has also had conversations with people she respects (Curie and Piper in
particular) in which they showed her how her blindness to some people's
thoughts sometimes interferes with her own efforts to move humanity forward,
but that other people are able to help her around that blindness in various
ways to the benefit of all.

So Sheila tolerates some bureaucracy games with the understanding that the
others are tolerating her blind spot.
 
As a hypothetical example, if Sheila were to go camping with a group of
friends and they were to start talking about planning and who should be in
charge of the event, Sheila would scowl, say nothing and go about the business
of going camping. She would not participate in the discussion and should
someone solicit her input, she would say "we don't need a leader. We all know
how to camp and who is best at which parts. There is no resource or time
conflict in question and no implementation detail of consequence to be
resolved. If anything like that does come up the solution will be obvious and
we will pursue it. Now, let's actually go camping instead of talking about
it."

When things situations like these have arisen, Sheila's reputation and bearing
have been sufficient to make a conversation like that unnecessary. However,
there have been a few times when someone has insisted on playing this strange
game and the group has somehow chosen someone other than Sheila as leader.
When this happens there are only three possible results: 1) the elected leader is
smart enough to recognize that Sheila is better at the job and they step down
in one sense or another 2) the elected leader is ineffectual but also doesn't
interfere with progress in which case they're basically along for the ride 3)
the elected leader takes their title seriously and gives direction which is
unclear or wrong. In the third case, as soon as Sheila recognizes that the
official leader is a problem she identifies the best way to correct this and
makes it happen. Sometimes that means giving the rest of the group a way to
transition to something like option 2. Sometimes it means giving the official
leader a way to follow Sheila so that the situation looks more like option 1.
So far there has never been a time when Sheila has declared a best path
forward and been wrong, and that includes paths related to Sheila declaring
the path forward.

Way back when Sheila, Piper and Curie were still in the early stages of
setting things right, not too long after Curie's operation, in fact, there was
a man running a band of lost wanderers, runaways and former Raiders and
Gunners out of Saugus Ironworks. He ran the gang, poorly, like a cult with
strict rules, a system of levels for people to fight over and such.

(When Curie tells this story she usually finds a way to work in a joke about
caste systems and casting iron. I don't know if she has ever gotten the kind
of reaction she wants. I also never figured out the joke.)

At the time, Sheila was busy contacting and supporting settlements under the
Minutemen banner. She became aware of this cult because its members were
harassing caravans on their way to and from The Slog. (She hadn't made it to
Coastal Cottage and Kingsport Lighthouse yet.) The information she was getting
was that any caravan that strayed too close to the Ironworks would be attacked
and possibly killed and looted. The reports also included facts and rumors
about the gang itself, but Sheila dismissed these as irrelevant. She advised
The Slog and the settlements it traded with to arm their caravans better. This
resulted in a considerable reduction in the number of members of the gang, but
the attacks persisted and the remaining members now had more resources
available on a per-asshole basis.

Eventually the problem bubbled up to the top of her list as she solved the
biggest problems and the situation at the Ironworks escalated above the
smaller problems. Sheila sent an emissary to tell the Ironworks gang to stop
and then she, Curie and Piper headed out that way to follow-up on that. They
found what they presumed to be the charred remains of the emissary not far
from the factory. Curie's cursory analysis concluded that the emissary was on
his way away from the ironworks and had been ambushed. Further discussion with
scouts from The Slog confirmed that he had made it inside and back out largely
unscathed if a little shaken and that rather than heading up to The Slog to
wait for Sheila's team he had sort of run off.

There wasn't much else to go on, but as far as Sheila was concerned there very
few reasonable potential paths forward and she would have to interview the
gang and its leader to identify which was correct. The three of them headed
down immediately, Curie and Piper brandishing their legendary super sledges,
as always, Sheila carrying her latest assortment of the most advanced means of
delivering small, dense projectiles into specific locations at very high
velocities. And of course all three were stomping around in power armor,
though at that time they had not yet adopted the paint scheme everyone
is familiar with now.

Sheila was already angry because indications were that the gang had wasted
multiple lives, delayed delivery of perishable goods, damaged trust amongst
settlements, increased fear amongst those who had heard versions of the
attacks, and it appeared that they might have both abused and then later
betrayed the emissary. As far as she could tell, none of this was justified in
any way, but the best step now in order to avoid further waste was to answer
that question for sure, and that meant getting the gang's side of the story.

As they approached the factory, its residents didn't even wait for them to
reach the gate before attacking, then they wouldn't stop spraying fire long
enough to even hear Sheila's demands for parlay, so the trio were forced to
kill everyone on the outside of the building in self defense on their way to
the front door. Once inside the reception was much the same and they had to
fight there way through the building on their way to wherever the gang's
leader happened to be at the time.

Of course, as anyone already familiar with the stories knows because this part
doesn't change in any version, they found him in the most dramatic place and
situation possible: wasting valuable resources keeping tons of iron hot enough
to pour, with no intention of making anything out of it other than a
spectacular grave for some kid who was too smart or too dumb not to get
themselves gagged, tied up and placed next to the brim of the enormous
crucible holding the molten iron at the ready.

So Sheila, Piper and Curie stomped into this former place of progress where
saner humans used to carefully follow processes developed over hundreds of
years to precisely form enormous metal objects which other sane people would
use to build fantastic structures and tools to the benefit of all.

The three of them stomp in, power armor drenched in the viscera of this gang
leader's bravest and stupidest warriors. They stand there, briefly survey the
scene, and then this cult leader has the gall to think he's going to have any
say in anything for the rest of his brief life.

The details at this point of the story are less well documented. Afterwords Piper and
Curie disagreed on the specifics, Sheila didn't care and nobody could get the
survivors to speak coherently about the events, though they did mostly recover
otherwise.

But this much I know: Sheila was in charge the whole time. She did briefly
exchange words with the leader, and then having assessed him and the remainder
of his gang to her satisfaction she was able to narrow down which of the
remaining options was best.

We can assume, Curie had plenty to say between hammer blows about how all the
violence was unnecessary (but also invigorating). Piper, between swings of her
super sledge, was likely yelling about how that cults insistence on warping
truth to manipulate the ignorant doomed them to eventual failure. We can also
safely assume that those two were *ahem* making an impact? 

But through the entire process of becoming aware of the gang, advising others
on how to respond and then dealing with them in person, Sheila had the maximum
control of the situation possible, and that is why she was elected president
unopposed, despite her protestations.

---

Just because Sheila was the unanimous choice for president didn't mean people
thought any less of Piper or Curie. In deed, each of them has multiple
contingents of fans who claim that while all three are OF COURSE just THE BEST
people who ever happened to the Commonwealth and MAYBE even the whole WORLD,
it's OBVIOUS to ANYONE with ANY SENSE that (Sheila, Curie or Piper) is THE
BEST of the three, and the other two are so lucky to have her and gosh
wouldn't it be great to have tea with her some day? I BET SHE LIKES THE SAME
THINGS I DO.

Setting aside such fanaticism, the populace at large understood even then that
any comparison between the three was all but meaningless. Certainly they were
all highly capable individuals, but there was not even any reason to consider
them in isolation because they were inseparable. People would still idly
speculate on their relative merits like kids considering which animal would
prevail in a contest between one species and another. But there's a reason we
have the old saying, "If any of them is best, Sheila would know, Curie would
make her admit it, and Piper would tell us before Sheila could stop her."

Sheila knows
Piper tells
Curie cares

People being people, right up until Sheila and Piper proposed to Curie in
front of everyone who happened to be at The Castle at the time and settled all
debate once and for all, the topics revolving around various possible romantic
partnership arrangements the three might be in or be open to were of course
always supremely popular. Sheila and Piper have never been especially careful
about hiding their affection for one another. Sheila of course demonstrates
the utmost in reserve, precision, focus and attention under almost all
circumstances. There are even legends about her abilities while under the
influence of chems and assisted by VATS. Who even knows what the truth is, but
everyone recognizes her as calm, cool, collected, efficient and minimalistic.

So for Sheila to devote any attention to anything not requiring it in the
current context is a sign. Many have observed this when Piper has either shown
up unexpectedly or engaged with the situation in a surprising way. The change
in Sheila's demeanor is subtle but cannot be missed by anyone looking for it.
One sees it all over her face, in the corners of her mouth and eyes, in where
she directs her eyes and in the tone of her voice. Of course all three of them
have been analyzed to death to the delight of readers and listeners all across
the Commonwealth and even beyond.

person by default, and anyone who watched could see the change in her demeanor
when she turned her attention to Piper. But more than that, they both seemed
to have a tendency to flirt and reach out to each other physically, perhaps
even automatically, which they seemed to try to suppress but were unable to.
Presumably they tried to limit their affections in public for efficiency's
sake, but of course Piper is an incurable trouble maker and that is itself
somehow part of her appeal to Sheila, so if Piper gets bored or distracted
she'll do something to entice Sheila and the values informing Sheila's
automatic insight into the ideal path forward will shift slightly so that
there is a sense in which Sheila is then in control of both the general
situation she was already in and the new one Piper created.

openly a couple
by the time they were well known by regular people. They didn't talk about it,
but they also didn't make any effort to conceal it either and were regularly
"caught" (usually by bored or curious children) discretely sharing kisses when
they didn't think anyone would notice or care, and occasionally they could be
overheard sharing more intense affections.

