# Today's agenda for therapy

Mission: "To put on my own oxygen mask first."

```

    I strive first to maximize my short and long-term health and happiness,
    then to do the same for those in increasing spheres of concern.

```

## Status update

All I have crossed off all the names on the virtual list of romantic
prospects.

As is so often the case, my feelings have changed considerably since I filled
out the ASRS-V1 and PHQ-9. I think filling them out leads me to take more
responsibility for myself and address the things which impact them negatively.

## Returning to engineering solutions to adjusting to my patterns

- Definitions of "done"
- Assessment (mostly done, I just want my own documentation)
- Milestones and other measurements of progress
  - Already have the survey graphs
  - Also have my exercise progress
  - How to measure DPD patterns?
  - How to reliably measure food and beverage intake?
- Strategies
  - establish and maintain routines
  - exercise
  - nutrition
  - limit alcohol consumption to safe levels
  - give up on intimate relationships for now
  - meditation
  - CBT (homework)
    - thought record

## About NPD and DPD

(If there's time.)

12 days ago I thought I made a new friend. Yesterday I armchair-diagnosed them
with NPD caused by head trauma. I also learned about DPD and how much of what
I do fits that description.

## Latest concerns

- health
  - drinking
    - 9 to 14 per week
    - 4 a day is binging
    - my parameters
  - eating may be a lower priority
    - favor varied fruit and/or vegetable colors

- work

Find ways to get Maslow's hierchy satisfied without self-sabotaging.
  - Find a way to nurture my autonomy (work, food, etc.)

# Alcohol reduction plan

Use poker chips to track consumption rate.

## Definitions

- One drink is one of
  - a 4oz shot
  - an 8oz glass of wine
  - a 16oz light beer (Corona)

## Setup

- Acquire the following
 - vessles for placing "healing" tokens in
 - a lazy susan for rotating the "healing" tokens
 - two bags for my available and spent budget for a day
- label
 - seven healing vessles with the days of the week
 - eighth vessle with "healed"
- place
 - lazy susan somewhere
 - healing vessles on the edge of the lazy susan
 - healed vessle in the middle
- put 2 tokens in each of the healing vessles
- put reamining 7 tokens in healed vessle

## Process

- Each morning
 - rotate lazy susan
 - pour today's vessle's chips into "healed" vessle
 - Pour yesterday's 'spent' bag into newly emptied vessle
 - Refill 'unspent' bag up to current allowed level
 - attach 'spent' bag on my left side
 - attach 'unspent' bag on my right side
- Through the day
 - Before I order a drink, pour myself a glass or open something
  - remove an unspent token from right bag
  - place token on surface
  - consume beverage
  - place token in left bag

## Ramping down schedule

"n/m" represents the maximum tokens in the 'healed' vessle and 'unspent' bag,
respectively.

- August
 - 22: 28/7 Tuesday
 - 23: 27/7 Wednesday
 - 24: 26/7 Thursday
 - 25: 25/6 Friday
 - 26: 24/6 Saturday
 - 27: 23/6 Sunday
 - 28: 22/5 Monday
 - 29: 21/5 Tuesday
 - 30: 20/5 Wednesday
 - 31: 19/4 Thursday
- September
 - 01: 18/4 Friday
 - 02: 17/4 Saturday
 - 03: 16/4 Sunday
 - 04: 15/4 Monday
 - 05: 14/4 Tuesday
 - 06: 14/4 Wednesday

## More rules

- No partial refils

