# The medical approach

Although you didn't ask me to, I've been researching possible consequences of
your head trauma. Obviously I have no qualifications in this area, so ample
grains of salt are appropriate.

Before I tell you what I found, I have to preface it with the meta-finding
that part of the finding has to do with it being difficult for you to receive
this constructively. To put it another way, if I'm right, the damage you
sustained could cause you to be pre-disposed to reject what I have
I'm hoping the bricks we've laid with each other will
hold up to this test.

I'm worried about your
[insular cortex](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insular_cortex),
which has been shown in fMRI imaging to be engaged for social emotion tasks. 

# The plea

- You have invested enormous trust, time, energy and kindness in me.
- I do not take these for granted.
- I wouldn't risk losing your friendship without a very good reason
- You didn't ask for this drama from me. I am not entitled to your attention.
- So before I say any more I have to do this:

(Place the key in her palm, close her fingers around it.)

- You are welcome to walk away at any time on your terms

- Our friendship is already at risk while I keep this inside
- Honesty and forthrightness are extremely important to me
- I've been hiding my thoughts
  - you probably already know them
  - I want to tell you anyway because I hiding things hurts
- I am very much in love with you
  - I don't ask or expect you to return my feelings
- I want to trust you more, but
  - some of your actions seem to violate your principles as I know them (and certainly my own principles)
    - breach of contract, operating in good faith (violating lease terms)
    - speaking ill of others who are either harmless or need to be dealt with appropriately (the neighbor you don't like)
    - the look you gave me last night when I said something dumb seemed aggressive
  - I believe you are entirely free of malice
    - I don't think you want to do these things
  - I think you are hurting yourself to dangerous degrees

Therefore:

I want you to give me this key again after you have been to a psychiatrist and
receied either a diagnosis and plan for healing or a clean bill of health. If
it's the latter I'll need to see documentation. Trust, but verify.

I promise with all my respect, admiration and especially love for you that I
will not reveal any of what you have told me to anyone. I will not tell anyone
where you live. I won't climb in your windows or those of any of your
neighbors. I have not made any copies of this key you trusted me with. I
promise not to say anything about what I think to anyone, especially your
neighbors. 

Most importantly, I promise to respond to you when you reach out to tell me
what your doctor's opinion is. Until then I can't look at you because I will
cry.
